SECTION C - NOMINATIONS

1 Clubs with more than one team in the Ladies, Men’s or Mixed Summer Leagues must nominate
(for each of their teams) four players per team who will form the basis of each team. These nominations
must be sent in writing (by post or email) to the admin@cambslta.org.uk before 30th April (25 th June for
Mixed) in each season. Where no nominations are submitted the 4 who play in a team’s first match
played will be treated as the nominated players.
2 All teams other than the lowest team must be nominated, e.g. if a 1st, 2nd and 3rd Men’s team
are entered only the 1st and 2nd team need be nominated.
3 Where nominations have been correctly submitted &amp; except in the most exceptional
circumstances agreed by the League Secretary:
At least two nominated players must play in the first match played (not scheduled) by a team.
All four nominated players must have played for their nominated team on completion of the third match
played (men’s, ladies leagues) or second match played (mixed league). For clarity, this rule applies to
matches played, not scheduled match dates. This may mean that nominations will need to be re-notified
to the League Administrator prior to the start of the impacted match. Failure to do so will result in a
penalty of –2 points.
4 Those players nominated may not play for a lower team irrespective of the Division(s) in which
other teams from that club may play e.g. a nominated first team player may not play for the second
team. Nominated players from lower teams may play for higher teams for a total of two occasions only
in Men’s &amp; Ladies and one occasion in Mixed.  Once the player has played 3 times (2 for mixed) for any
number of higher teams he or she may not play again for the team for which he or she has been
nominated.  This rule will apply to all clubs having more than one team in any classification of Leagues.
5 A player, having played 3 times for higher ranking team(s) (twice in the Mixed League), may not
then represent a lower ranking team during the season. (Explanatory Note not part of the Rule: Any
doubt about the application of this rule should be referred to a member of the League Committee)